Adding information about how to separately install PB with recs (#7455)
magento/devdocs: src/recommendations/install-configure.md

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   If you prefer, you can install the above modules explicitly using Composer: `composer require magento/data-services` and `composer require magento/saas-export`

> Product Recommendations for Page Builder is an optional module and is installed separately. If you want to use Product Recommendations with Page Builder, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product Recommendations for Page Builder is an optional module and is installed separately. If you want to use Product Recommendations with Page Builder, install the module by running the following command:
```

> Product Recommendations for [Page Builder]({{ site.baseurl }}/page-builder/docs/index.html) is an optional module and is installed separately. If you want to use Product Recommendations with Page Builder, install the module by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Product Recommendations for [Page Builder]({{ site.baseurl }}/page-builder/docs/index.html) is an optional module and is installed separately. To use Product Recommendations with Page Builder, install the module by running the following command:
```

```bash
composer require magento/module-page-builder-product-recommendations
```

> By enabling Product Recommendations in Page Builder, you can [add an existing, active recommendation unit](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/page-builder-add-product-recs.html) to a page, block, or dynamic block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling Product Recommendations in Page Builder, you can [add an existing, active recommendation unit](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/page-builder-add-product-recs.html) to any Page Builder content such as pages, blocks, or dynamic blocks.
```

(you can technically edit individual fields too with PB)

> By enabling Product Recommendations in Page Builder, you can [add an existing, active recommendation unit](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/page-builder-add-product-recs.html) to any Page Builder content such as pages, blocks, or dynamic blocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By enabling Product Recommendations in Page Builder, you can [add an existing, active recommendation unit](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/page-builder-add-product-recs.html) to any content created in Page Builder, such as pages, blocks, and dynamic blocks.
```

composer update magento/product-recommendations --with-dependencies
```

### Install Page Builder support

> The Product Recommendations content type in Page Builder is supported in Magento 2.3.1 and later. Because Page Builder [does not support](https://devdocs.magento.com/release/#compatibility) the same number of versions as the Product Recommendations module, you need to explicitly install Page Builder support with the following:

Reviewer 3: Would it be worth it to mention that it is suggested in the original `composer require magento/product-recommendations` install process? It should look like:

```
composer require magento/product-recommendations
...
magento/product-recommendations suggests installing magento/module-page-builder-product-recommendations (Enable Product Recommendations for PageBuilder. Supported in Magento Commerce 2.3.1 and later.)
```

Reviewer: yeah we can mention that as well

Author: @rossbrandon I like the idea of integrating this content into the general install section above. I think that flows more.

Reviewer: agree!

Reviewer: instead of explaining the reason for compatibility, should we just say "Product Recommendations for Page Builder is an optional module and is installed separately"

Author: @misha-kotov agreed. I revised that part. Take a look and let me know your thoughts.
